README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
🌱 I’m currently studying Computer Science BSc at the University of Northampton!<br><br>🔭 I'm currently working on an Arduino-based, 3D-designed & printed sim racing switch box.  <br>👯 I’m looking to collaborate on any projects that improve my knowledge.<br>🤝 I’m looking for help with expanding my knowledge in software development and real-world tech projects<br>💬 Ask me for help! I'm more than happy to join a project!<br>⚡ Fun fact: I love designing things and turning them into real objects with my 3D printer!<br>🕹️ I also enjoy playing games from time to time! I am currently playing League of Legends, World of Tanks, Elden Ring and Farming Simulator 25!<br>


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/michael__omu) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/michael-panica) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white) ![Adobe After Effects](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20After%20Effects-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20After%20Effects&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Illustrator](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20illustrator-%23FF9A00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20illustrator&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Lightroom](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Lightroom-31A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Lightroom&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Premiere Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Sketch Up](https://img.shields.io/badge/SketchUp-005F9E?style=for-the-badge&logo=sketchup&logoColor=white) ![Blender](https://img.shields.io/badge/blender-%23F5792A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=white) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Raspberry-Pi)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MichaelPanica&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=MichaelPanica&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=MichaelPanica&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=MichaelPanica&theme=dark&no-frame=true&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=MichaelPanica&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Change fun fact about the first computer bug
Updated a fun fact in the About Me section of the README.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
🌱 I’m currently studying Computer Science BSc at the University of Northampton!<br><br>🔭 I'm currently working on an Arduino-based, 3D-designed & printed sim racing switch box.  <br>👯 I’m looking to collaborate on any projects that improve my knowledge.<br>🤝 I’m looking for help with expanding my knowledge in software development and real-world tech projects<br>💬 Ask me for help! I'm more than happy to join a project!<br>⚡ Fun fact: The first computer “bug” was an actual bug. In 1947, engineers working on the Harvard Mark II found a moth trapped in a relay that was causing a malfunction. They taped the moth into the logbook and labeled it the “first actual case of bug being found.”<br>🕹️ I also enjoy playing games from time to time! I am currently playing League of Legends, World of Tanks, Elden Ring and Farming Simulator 25!<br>


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/michael__omu) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/michael-panica) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white) ![Adobe After Effects](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20After%20Effects-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20After%20Effects&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Illustrator](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20illustrator-%23FF9A00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20illustrator&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Lightroom](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Lightroom-31A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Lightroom&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Premiere Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Sketch Up](https://img.shields.io/badge/SketchUp-005F9E?style=for-the-badge&logo=sketchup&logoColor=white) ![Blender](https://img.shields.io/badge/blender-%23F5792A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=white) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Raspberry-Pi)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MichaelPanica&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=MichaelPanica&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=MichaelPanica&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=MichaelPanica&theme=dark&no-frame=true&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=MichaelPanica&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
